# live_vs_vod_project
### Purpose
Due to the variety, affordability and convenience of online video streaming, there are more subscribers than ever to video streaming platforms. Moreover, the decreased operation of non-essential businesses and increase in the number of people working from home in this past year has further compounded this effect. More people are streaming live lectures, sports, news, and video calls via the internet at home today than we have ever seen before. Internet Service Providers, such as Viasat, are tasked with optimizing  internet connections and tailoring their allocation of resources to fit each unique customer’s needs. With this increase in internet activity, it would be especially beneficial for Viasat to understand what issues arise when customers stream various forms of video. In general, different internet activities require different resources to optimize the connection. For example, if a customer watches a lot of live video they may prefer a connection with lower latency and higher bandwidth. Although we are able to identify the genre of an activity when a user is not using a VPN, the challenge arises when a user chooses to surf the web through a VPN. When it comes to VPN use cases we can’t identify a user’s unique activity when they experience issues, thus making us unable to successfully troubleshoot  those problems. This is where a tool that could identify various internet activities, specifically live or uploaded video streaming, within a VPN tunnel would be extremely useful for an Internet Service Provider. 
